header: support second logo for cobranding (#1687)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: packages/react/src/header/docs/overview.mdx

	/>
</Box>
```

## Two Logos

Header supports one, two, or no logos. Each logo can be a link when an `href` and `secondHref` are defined.

> _Note: The first logo's `href` will be assigned to the `heading` and `subline` text as well._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: The first logo’s `href` will be assigned to the `heading` and `subline` text as well._
```
